b"About Us Planit Software Testing has been ranked within the top 4 largest independent software testing companies in the world. With over 1200 permanent employees across Australia, New Zealand, the UK and India, Planit prides itself on delivering High Quality Consistent solutions. Planit is tool agnostic and vendor independent, providing impartial advice and practical support across all mainstream and open source test tools, and successfully delivering Testing solutions for small to large organisations across New Zealand. Planit is built on the core principle that quality people lead to quality outcomes. About the Role As a Test Automation Specialist you will develop and deliver high quality Test Automation solutions to the highest level of quality. You will be given the tools, training and support you need to advance your skills and experience while developing a rewarding career and adding true value to your career and clients. Responsibilities Develop and execute automated tests Manage stakeholder expectations, keeping them informed throughout the project Document and report progress, risks, issues and defects Mandatory Skills and Experience 4+ years' experience delivering quality test automation solutions with tools such as Selenium WebDriver, Ranorex, SoapUI, Tosca, QTP etc. A solid understanding of OOP development practices and demonstrable experience with Java, C# or similar A good understanding of web technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript and AJAX Demonstrated ability to solve technical problems and implement innovative solutions Excellent relationship building and communication skills Culture Planit Wellington is a supportive and close-knit team. We value flexibility, initiative, and a willingness to 'muck in' to get the job done. A flat management structure means that our leadership team is accessible. With our wide variety of clients and projects, you will be constantly challenged and never bored. Benefits Planit supports its staff with a defined career plan with positive and realistic progression points for each new team member. We offer all Planit courses (including ISTQB) to all of our employees and we regularly recognise and reward high performers. In addition there are regular staff social events and excellent employee benefits, such as fully subsidised health and life insurance. What are you waiting for? Apply now to take the next step in your technical testing career! www.planittesting.com/Join-Our-Team Planit is an equal employment opportunity employer. ***NO AGENCIES PLEASE***"

b"The Company: High-tech high growth NZ born pioneer is poised to be the next tech darling born out of Auckland. With offices in most major cities around the world this Auckland Headquartered technology company is growing from strength to strength and is experiencing significant growth around the world. The Role: As an experienced Automation Test Analyst you will be joining a newly formed Automation Team working in a growing Scrum environment helping to build best of breed - world class software. Working in an Agile delivery environment you'll be helping to develop manual and automated test scripts for all stages of testing from integration to usability. You will be working on a cross browser - cross platform product to fortnightly sprints with a growing number of Scrum Teams. What you'll bring: You will have at least 2 years of Testing experience with a focus on Automation - you might have a balance of Manual and Automation but commercial experience with Selenium is going to be needed in this role. Selenium Web Driver and IDE and testing across multiple environments like mobile and desktop is a key here. Beyond your technical skills you'll have passion aplenty here. We are looking for highly passionate, energetic Automation Test professionals. You live and breathe technology and you might very well play with tech at home in your own time. If you're interested in applying for this truly exciting opportunity then please apply in confidence. Only candidates currently residing in New Zealand will be considered but international candidates with a pending arrival to New Zealand with a valid Visa will also be considered. What's on offer: This is a company that is already knocking other tech companies off their perch so if you're interested in working for a true disruptor then this is it. On offer is the chance to get in at the ground level for a high-growth explosive company working with talented people and a crack shot tech stack. You will be paid well and you'll get an option to work with some exciting products in a friendly, collaborative team environment. At this stage only candidates currently residing in New Zealand are being considered. If you are currently based in another country then please email me directly with your intentions to re-locate to New Zealand and I'll reply back to you immediately."

b'Who are Qual IT? Qual IT is the "Tester\'s Testing Business". We\'re owned and run by Testers, and we\'re New Zealand\'s largest testing consultancy. For you, that means working with like-minded passionate test professionals while developing your career by working on a variety of the coolest and cutting edge technology projects with our many clients. We provide independent testing services for over 80 of New Zealand\'s biggest organisations. The Role We\'re looking for a Lead Test Analyst to join our Auckland team. At Qual IT, we look to take on the very best, so our ideal candidate is a high performer who has worked in a wide variety of projects and industries and is now looking to grow their career by joining our team of professional testing consultants. Specifically, we\'re looking for candidates with the following: At least 5 years testing experience across a range of differing project sizes, scopes and complexities, and industries/domains. Good experience with defect management Experience being responsible for test planning and test reporting Experience mentoring/leading Test Analysts and business representatives Demonstrated experience identifying and implementing opportunities to improve testing processes and/or approaches on your projects Ability and confidence to operate as a sole tester for pieces of work if required Ability to work in both Agile and more traditional development methodologies What it means to be a Qual IT tester: Qual IT is in the business of providing open, honest, no surprises testing solutions to our clients. You\'ll mostly be working onsite with our clients as a professional tester representing Qual IT. And that means you need to be confident in your ability to be pragmatic, ask the right questions and raise risks with the right people. You need to be able to "talk the testing talk", while also being customer and solution focused, with outstanding communication skills and the ability to quickly build solid business relationships. Why work for us? In addition to joining a team of people who are as passionate about testing as you are, you\'ll enjoy a diverse and interesting career. We\'re dedicated to growing and challenging our people - be it moving into management or crossing over into performance or automation testing. We\'ve got the tools, training and mentors to get you there with our world class Capability Framework. At Qual IT, we know we\'re only as good as the people that work for us, so we really value and support our staff. You can look forward to a competitive salary, mobile phone package, medical insurance, and discounted banking arrangements. If you want to work with a great company who can offer you all of the above and more, send us your CV and brief cover letter now.'

b'We have a 6 month contract role available for a technical Senior Automation Test Analyst based in Wellington Central. Expand on your already considerable automated testing skills in the websites and/or mobile development area. To be successful in this role you will be: Clear and effective communicator Experienced in Agile projects Familiar with Continuous integration Open to new learning and adapting to different ways of working A good team fit with good attitude (driven and highly engaged) Experience with Mocha and/or Postman would be a plus. This is a great opportunity for an experienced technical Automation Test Analyst to join an innovative team in an exciting environment. Please, apply below. For more details, please contact Sara Antoninova saraantoninova@920.co.nz +64 4 978 1822 We have a 6 month contract role available for a technical Senior Automation Test Analyst based in Wellington Central. Expand on your already considerable automated testing skills in the websites and/or mobile development area. To be successful in this role you will be: Clear and effective communicator Experienced in Agile projects Familiar with Continuous integration Open to new learning and adapting to different ways of working A good team fit with good attitude (driven and highly engaged) Experience with Mocha and/or Postman would be a plus. This is a great opportunity for an experienced technical Automation Test Analyst to join an innovative team in an exciting environment. Please, apply below. For more details, please contact Sara Antoninova saraantoninova@920.co.nz +64 4 978 1822 To be successful in this role you will be: Clear and effective communicator Experienced in Agile projects Familiar with Continuous integration Open to new learning and adapting to different ways of working A good team fit with good attitude (driven and highly engaged) Experience with Mocha and/or Postman would be a plus. This is a great opportunity for an experienced technical Automation Test Analyst to join an innovative team in an exciting environment. Please, apply below. For more details, please contact Sara Antoninova saraantoninova@920.co.nz +64 4 978 1822 To be successful in this role you will be: Clear and effective communicator Experienced in Agile projects Familiar with Continuous integration Open to new learning and adapting to different ways of working A good team fit with good attitude (driven and highly engaged) Experience with Mocha and/or Postman would be a plus. This is a great opportunity for an experienced technical Automation Test Analyst to join an innovative team in an exciting environment. Please, apply below. For more details, please contact Sara Antoninova saraantoninova@920.co.nz +64 4 978 1822 To be successful in this role you will be: Clear and effective communicator Experienced in Agile projects Familiar with Continuous integration Open to new learning and adapting to different ways of working A good team fit with good attitude (driven and highly engaged) Experience with Mocha and/or Postman would be a plus. Experience with Mocha and/or Postman would be a plus. This is a great opportunity for an experienced technical Automation Test Analyst to join an innovative team in an exciting environment. Please, apply below. For more details, please contact Sara Antoninova saraantoninova@920.co.nz +64 4 978 1822'

b"About the Company We're a global company and a leading provider of practice management software products for law firms worldwide. We have a large development team in Auckland (over 100 in R&D) and 2 'client facing' offices in Melbourne and Sydney. We are a strong adopter of Microsoft technologies and a Microsoft Gold Partner. Although our staff turnover is very low, the size and growth of the office means we have opportunities in many areas popping up all the time. We have over 3,300 clients including: 67 of the top 100 global law firms The top 10 US law firms 21 of the top 40 Australian law firms About the Role There's always something new and exciting happening in the Auckland Development teams, and right now we're hunting for a talented graduate who has a specific interest in testing software to work on our up-and-coming projects. Exposure to 'technical testing' will be handy  this sort of testing is more tools and technology based where you get involved in some of the more technical areas of the product and use testing tools to identify ways to improve quality. We're using the latest technology, the products are complex and challenging and you'll get fantastic experience alongside some very sharp people. This isn't just another job, it's about building your career and being better together to support your aspiration of becoming a real IT professional. We are experienced in developing graduates, and have a proven 6 month development plan that includes lots of training, guidance and support. After 6 months you'll 'graduate' from this, and then be expected to contribute equally alongside your team mates relative to your skill level and ability. What You'll Be Doing Get hands on in the first week! Build your skills and experience in TFS and Test Manager and SQL as well as other relevant testing tools. Demonstrate an inquisitive mind in relation to the product and be able to test from a number of perspectives especially the user's. Provide support and training to your peers as you grow your areas of expertise. Test, implement and support high quality, commercial software products written in .Net, C# and other current tools and languages. Follow our Agile methodology. Adopt agile philosophies and contribute towards improving methodology implementation and actively participate in Scrum meetings. Actively participate in test plan, code and design reviews and product planning sessions. Skills/Experience Passion  we want you to own it! You'll be happy to live, eat, breathe and dream about testing and making great software Team work  you'll love working and collaborating in a close knit team Communication sharing information, ideas and relating to your team mates is really important Be a sponge  you'll be eager to learn and love to be challenged Responsible  you'll proactively look for ways to help your team achieve its goals Qualifications - you'll have recently completed an appropriate tertiary qualification - though this may not be in the computer science field Culture & Benefits Even though we're a global company the Auckland office feels like a software house  lots of technical people working in different teams and projects. We've got a funky, open plan office right across from Albany Westfield. As well as being pretty hard-core about work, we find some time for a Friday drink and some entertaining times out with the Social Club. We value our staff, so there's lot of perks, including flexible working arrangements, additional sick leave, certification and tuition reimbursement, Income Protection, Life Insurance, an enhanced KiwiSaver Scheme, Financial Advisor, and a Bonus Pool. Want to know more? Visit our corporate website: www.aderant.com Check us out on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/pages/ADERANT-Asia-Pacific/119627654744243 Contact our HR manager, Reid Pittams: P: 09 414 3300, E: reid.pittams@aderant.com Can't wait to start working here? Click the 'Apply Now' button below if you haven't previously applied for one of our graduate roles. We're sorry that we're unable to consider candidates a second time. About the Company We're a global company and a leading provider of practice management software products for law firms worldwide. We have a large development team in Auckland (over 100 in R&D) and 2 'client facing' offices in Melbourne and Sydney. We are a strong adopter of Microsoft technologies and a Microsoft Gold Partner. Although our staff turnover is very low, the size and growth of the office means we have opportunities in many areas popping up all the time. We have over 3,300 clients including: 67 of the top 100 global law firms The top 10 US law firms 21 of the top 40 Australian law firms About the Role There's always something new and exciting happening in the Auckland Development teams, and right now we're hunting for a talented graduate who has a specific interest in testing software to work on our up-and-coming projects. Exposure to 'technical testing' will be handy  this sort of testing is more tools and technology based where you get involved in some of the more technical areas of the product and use testing tools to identify ways to improve quality. We're using the latest technology, the products are complex and challenging and you'll get fantastic experience alongside some very sharp people. This isn't just another job, it's about building your career and being better together to support your aspiration of becoming a real IT professional. We are experienced in developing graduates, and have a proven 6 month development plan that includes lots of training, guidance and support. After 6 months you'll 'graduate' from this, and then be expected to contribute equally alongside your team mates relative to your skill level and ability. What You'll Be Doing Get hands on in the first week! Build your skills and experience in TFS and Test Manager and SQL as well as other relevant testing tools. Demonstrate an inquisitive mind in relation to the product and be able to test from a number of perspectives especially the user's. Provide support and training to your peers as you grow your areas of expertise. Test, implement and support high quality, commercial software products written in .Net, C# and other current tools and languages. Follow our Agile methodology. Adopt agile philosophies and contribute towards improving methodology implementation and actively participate in Scrum meetings. Actively participate in test plan, code and design reviews and product planning sessions. Skills/Experience Passion  we want you to own it! You'll be happy to live, eat, breathe and dream about testing and making great software Team work  you'll love working and collaborating in a close knit team Communication sharing information, ideas and relating to your team mates is really important Be a sponge  you'll be eager to learn and love to be challenged Responsible  you'll proactively look for ways to help your team achieve its goals Qualifications - you'll have recently completed an appropriate tertiary qualification - though this may not be in the computer science field Culture & Benefits Even though we're a global company the Auckland office feels like a software house  lots of technical people working in different teams and projects. We've got a funky, open plan office right across from Albany Westfield. As well as being pretty hard-core about work, we find some time for a Friday drink and some entertaining times out with the Social Club. We value our staff, so there's lot of perks, including flexible working arrangements, additional sick leave, certification and tuition reimbursement, Income Protection, Life Insurance, an enhanced KiwiSaver Scheme, Financial Advisor, and a Bonus Pool. Want to know more? Visit our corporate website: www.aderant.com Check us out on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/pages/ADERANT-Asia-Pacific/119627654744243 Contact our HR manager, Reid Pittams: P: 09 414 3300, E: reid.pittams@aderant.com Can't wait to start working here? Click the 'Apply Now' button below if you haven't previously applied for one of our graduate roles. We're sorry that we're unable to consider candidates a second time."

b"Senior Test Analyst - Permanent Full-Time Lower Hutt Based We are seeking a Senior Test Analyst to work with the business to build and enhance our existing testing approach to deliver a full and robust testing or our core systems and processes. Reporting to the Release Manager you will be responsible for the following: Completing rigorous testing to ensure a stable and reliable platform for all applications Producing testing artefacts such as Test Plans, Exit Reports Developing and maintaining an automated test solution Developing and enhancing Public Trust test approach Leading and developing UAT testing and business testers Liaises with end users, vendors and other information technology professionals to ensure that testing meets agreed standards To succeed in this role you will need to have profound experience in testing in a commercial business environment preferably in financial services sector and possess the following: Experience being responsible for test planning and test reporting Ability to draw from your experience to recommend and implement best testing practices Strong experience with both Automation and Manual testing approaches Knowledge and experience of systems development lifecycle and methodologies Excellent verbal and written communication skills and interpersonal skills ISTQB qualified and/or Bachelor's degree (or similar) in Computer Science or similar work experience In return, we offer a competitive remuneration package, a varied and challenging role and opportunities for development in an interesting and growing industry. Public Trust is New Zealand's largest and most experienced trustee services organisation. We provide specialist advice on a range of legal, financial, investment, trust and estate management services to individuals, families and businesses. We have customer centres and corporate offices across New Zealand and are passionate about helping our customers look after what's important to them and believe in making sure nothing is left unresolved. Each year we administer around 7,500 estates, manage nearly 4,000 Family Trusts, write over 6,500 Wills, assist over 450 charities and supervise $50 billion in Corporate Trust mandates. If you are interested in helping us shape Public Trust's future, then apply now by submitting an application at: www.publictrust.co.nz/careers and enter the job code 20960SEK or click on 'apply on company website'. You must have legal entitlement to work in New Zealand to apply for this role."

b"We are looking for the best and brightest to join our high performing team in the Wellington office. If you can walk the talk and get through our challenging technical test then we might just have the challenge you've been looking for! The Role Test Analysts at FNZ are all-rounder's who may be called upon work on projects or supporting our production platforms. Our test analysts are involved with all aspects of testing from the more technical skills including test automation, database manipulation and xml injection testing to functional specification testing and supporting UAT. Test Analysts may be members of a large project or lead a small test team as their skill set develops. Work closely with business analysts, developers and our operations staff to support the delivery of world class software. Essential Requirements (we won't consider your application without these): 5 years + test analyst experience working on large scale delivery projects Knowledge of SQL mandatory Knowledge of test tools including test management, defect management (JIRA, HP ALM, QC) Knowledge of Soap UI Familiarity with financial products and markets Opportunities Be part of a highly successful, rapidly growing, global business that is leading the delivery of financial services via cloud computing and partners with some of the world's largest companies; Remuneration and career advancement is based on individual contribution and business impact rather than tenure or seniority; We provide significant financial rewards for high performing individuals; and We provide global career opportunities for our best employees at any of our offices in Europe and Asia Pacific. Sound like you?? Apply today! About FNZ FNZ is the market leading provider of technology and administration services to major financial institutions in the platform and wealth management sectors across the globe. We partner with life companies, banks, asset managers and discretionary wealth managers to enable them to develop and distribute financial products and services to their customers across all major distribution channels. FNZ has a strong blue-chip customer base including Standard Life, Axa Wealth, JP Morgan, HSBC, AMP, National Australia Bank, Bank of New Zealand, Friends Life, UBS, Zurich Financial and Close Brothers Asset Management. It has helped these customers grow to over \xa375 billion of platform assets in aggregate. FNZ now employs over 900 people with offices in Edinburgh, London, Bristol, Brno (Czech Republic), Hong Kong, Singapore, Sydney, Melbourne and Wellington."

b"Compac leads the world in designing integrated post-harvest solutions and services to the global fresh produce industry. We optimize every finished pack leaving our customers' facilities and ensure that every consumer can have healthy and safe produce every time with full visibility across the value chain. The company's mission is to enable its customers improve returns, gain operational efficiencies, and ensure a safe food supply via the application of smart, useable technologies. To achieve this Compac operates a number of centers of excellence, regional offices and manufacturing locations within the United States, Australasia, Europe, South America, Asia, and South Africa. Compac is a TOMRA Group Sorting Company - TOMRA Sorting offers the widest range of food sorting and peeling equipment available in the food industry today. TOMRA supplies optical sorting solutions for a multitude of food applications, for fresh and processed food, from farm to fork. The Role: Compac sorting machines use a unique electronic weighing system that is unsurpassed in its accuracy, specifically designed for high speed weighing. Not content to sit on our laurels we want to ensure we stay at the top providing our customers with the highest precision grading solutions available. Which is why we need you. Using your manual and automated testing skills you will be working alongside our software team to test and develop procedures for all aspects of the product. You'll be responsible for software quality as well as monitoring and reporting performance across a number of scenarios. Strong documentation skills are essential. Our ideal candidate will have: You will have at least three years testing experience with experience in both manual and automated testing experience. You'll have experience in writing scripts and developing a test framework to maximise efficiency and to ensure the quality of the product. In addition your CV will demonstrate: Qualification in Software Development, Computer Science etc Strong mathematical skills and understanding of software algorithms Experience working with hardware related product testing would be beneficial Experience with a number of automated testing tools Why work for us: Our people love what they do. There is no shortage of technological challenges where you can apply your skills to real world problems. Offering flexibility, collaboration and real opportunity to prove yourself, you'll be part of a successful and growing company where your contributions will have make visible differences to your team, the company and our customers. Apply now and tell us how you could benefit our team by sending a cover letter and CV."

b"6 month initial term to deliver smart and innovative training solutions Joining a super friendly team Very competitive remuneration, city fringe location and brand new offices The Company: Come and work for an organisation which offers a vibrant, energetic environment for people who bring passion and commitment to their work, and enjoy a culture where successes are recognised and celebrated. The team is innovative and collaborative and has built a strong reputation of being a highly desirable place to work. The Role: You will be an experienced Technical Trainer to work with the existing Change Manager and in-house training leads to develop a training approach and plan resources required to execute.This role will have heavy stakeholder management so we are looking for somebody with a 'bit of grit' but who can also build great rapport. Key Skills and Experience: Strong communication skills and top notch rapport building Strong technical training knowledge Demonstrate experience in the development and deployment of enterprise-wide organisational training System change implementation Large enterprise experience will be ideal Apply using an MS WORD version of your CV, as if we proceed with your application this is the format our client requires us to submit. Note: We review all CV's manually and you will only be contacted if your skills and experience meet the requirements of any of our clients. Your interest will be treated in the strictest of confidence. Applicants must be legally entitled to work in New Zealand. If you are not a NZ Citizen, you must have the right of permanent residence or a work permit Ref# LG_445725"

b'Software Test Engineer Join a company that is leader in the field electronic design and manufacturing of power control systems. Based in Christchurch the company is growing fast. They are now looking for a software test engineer to test embedded C code. We are looking for a tester who has some practical experience. Ideally you will be familiar with all or some of: CUnit, Cmock Ceedling test environment. Apply Now If you are interested in this opportunity, apply now by sending your CV to ashley.green@enterprise.co.nz'

b'5+ Years of Experience Technical and Automation Capability Beat the traffic South Auckland About the Contract: You will be joining the test effort on two complex programmes of work, the requirement is technical in nature and will need strong automation ability (setting up frameworks from scratch), in addition to some rules based and manual testing, vendor interaction and strong communication with stakeholders and team members. Indicative skills & experience utilised in the role: 5+ years of relevant industry testing experience A strong background in automation, ideally from a start in development Ability to work with a team orientation or autonomously as appropriate Experience deploying automation frameworks from scratch Previous experience with test management tools Advanced verbal and written communication skills Wed love to hear from you, if this is the right contract for you - APPLY now or contact Tim Palmgren on 027 553 4469 for a confidential discussion. Ref CJL87408 / SK91099A Beyond Recruitment IT & Transformation, connecting IT talent with IT opportunities. Visit www.beyond.co.nz for more roles and information. NB: Based on the volume of applications, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. To be considered for this role you will need to be legally entitled to take up a full-time work opportunity in New Zealand.'

b'Our Digital Services department are committed to making positive changes to support our mission of Energy Freedom. We are actively seeking talented, inspiring, results oriented people for roles which will contribute to enabling a move from a resource based model towards an agile, cross functional model to deliver the technology needed to meet our business objectives. Critical to our success in this will be the Test Analysts role Test Analyst This is a "Hands on" position responsible for working across multiple projects and BAU activities within ICT Delivery team ensuring successful delivery and maintenance of high quality systems. The role will encompass functional, system, integration, regression, smoke and exploratory testing. You will be a positive contributor and champion of our team culture of collaboration, open and honest communication, creating a fun environment and have a can do attitude. What we will do you for you, is give you the opportunity to work on exciting projects, use a variety of traditional and incremental delivery techniques, personal development both on the job and through training and give you the ability to influence how we do things here at Mercury. Success in this role will require you to be Flexible and have the ability to adapt to the Mercury environment quickly Mercury is changing and we want our people to be part of that change, we want you to be collaborative, transparent and flexible and open to learning new things Have a positive attitude and loads of enthusiasm We want you to love coming to work and contribute to how we do stuff, we are on a journey and need you to help us define what great looks like Sharing and connecting with team members and colleagues We encourage people with a curious and original approach to continuous improvement and those who put the customer at the heart of all they do to apply to this role. You should understand the value you bring to our customers and commit and own everything you do at Mercury. This is an exciting time for Mercury and if you are keen for a conversation or want to take this to the next level, get in touch.. In return for your positive contribution, our Mercury employees enjoy a range of benefits including Life and Income Protection Insurances and 5 extra days of leave per year Our Digital Services department are committed to making positive changes to support our mission of Energy Freedom. We are actively seeking talented, inspiring, results oriented people for roles which will contribute to enabling a move from a resource based model towards an agile, cross functional model to deliver the technology needed to meet our business objectives. Critical to our success in this will be the Test Analysts role Test Analyst This is a "Hands on" position responsible for working across multiple projects and BAU activities within ICT Delivery team ensuring successful delivery and maintenance of high quality systems. The role will encompass functional, system, integration, regression, smoke and exploratory testing. You will be a positive contributor and champion of our team culture of collaboration, open and honest communication, creating a fun environment and have a can do attitude. What we will do you for you, is give you the opportunity to work on exciting projects, use a variety of traditional and incremental delivery techniques, personal development both on the job and through training and give you the ability to influence how we do things here at Mercury. Success in this role will require you to be Flexible and have the ability to adapt to the Mercury environment quickly Mercury is changing and we want our people to be part of that change, we want you to be collaborative, transparent and flexible and open to learning new things Have a positive attitude and loads of enthusiasm We want you to love coming to work and contribute to how we do stuff, we are on a journey and need you to help us define what great looks like Sharing and connecting with team members and colleagues We encourage people with a curious and original approach to continuous improvement and those who put the customer at the heart of all they do to apply to this role. You should understand the value you bring to our customers and commit and own everything you do at Mercury. This is an exciting time for Mercury and if you are keen for a conversation or want to take this to the next level, get in touch.. In return for your positive contribution, our Mercury employees enjoy a range of benefits including Life and Income Protection Insurances and 5 extra days of leave per year Our Digital Services department are committed to making positive changes to support our mission of Energy Freedom. We are actively seeking talented, inspiring, results oriented people for roles which will contribute to enabling a move from a resource based model towards an agile, cross functional model to deliver the technology needed to meet our business objectives. Critical to our success in this will be the Test Analysts role Test Analyst This is a "Hands on" position responsible for working across multiple projects and BAU activities within ICT Delivery team ensuring successful delivery and maintenance of high quality systems. The role will encompass functional, system, integration, regression, smoke and exploratory testing. You will be a positive contributor and champion of our team culture of collaboration, open and honest communication, creating a fun environment and have a can do attitude. What we will do you for you, is give you the opportunity to work on exciting projects, use a variety of traditional and incremental delivery techniques, personal development both on the job and through training and give you the ability to influence how we do things here at Mercury. Success in this role will require you to be Flexible and have the ability to adapt to the Mercury environment quickly Mercury is changing and we want our people to be part of that change, we want you to be collaborative, transparent and flexible and open to learning new things Have a positive attitude and loads of enthusiasm We want you to love coming to work and contribute to how we do stuff, we are on a journey and need you to help us define what great looks like Sharing and connecting with team members and colleagues We encourage people with a curious and original approach to continuous improvement and those who put the customer at the heart of all they do to apply to this role. You should understand the value you bring to our customers and commit and own everything you do at Mercury. This is an exciting time for Mercury and if you are keen for a conversation or want to take this to the next level, get in touch.. In return for your positive contribution, our Mercury employees enjoy a range of benefits including Life and Income Protection Insurances and 5 extra days of leave per year'

b"Help projects utilise Performance and Automation Competitive rate and convenient CBD location Currently going through an Agile Transformation Come work for a leading Kiwi organisation working in the financial services industry vertical. This business offers a vibrant, energetic Auckland CBD environment for people who bring passion and commitment to their work and enjoy a culture where successes are recognised and celebrated. The team is innovative and collaborative and has built a strong reputation of being a highly desirable place to work. This is a brand that you will want on the CV and projects you will want to be involved in! What you'll be doing: This position will see you using your strong experience to work within their Testing Centre of Excellence and ensuring consistent Performance and Automation Testing is carried out by Projects utilising tools and processes which you setup and help define. In addition, skills within API and web would be beneficial. As you will be joining a highly Agile environment, previous experience working in this way will be essential to success. What you'll need to succeed: Performance Testing of Applications Ideally a mix of automation and manual experience Experience using Postman or Tosca would be advantageous Expert scripting and analysis skills Experience in a large Agile environment would be a plus Large enterprise experience required Exceptional relationship-building skills Don't be one of those people who read an advert about a fantastic opportunity and never actually apply, only to later hear somebody you know bragging about how great their new job is! They applied so don't miss this opportunity - APPLY NOW! Your interest will be treated in the strictest of confidence. Please apply using an MS WORD version of your CV, as if we proceed with your application this is the format we'll require to submit to clients. Note: We review all CV's manually and you will only be contacted if your skills and experience meet the requirements of any of our clients. Ref# LD_444430_PT Help projects utilise Performance and Automation Competitive rate and convenient CBD location Currently going through an Agile Transformation Come work for a leading Kiwi organisation working in the financial services industry vertical. This business offers a vibrant, energetic Auckland CBD environment for people who bring passion and commitment to their work and enjoy a culture where successes are recognised and celebrated. The team is innovative and collaborative and has built a strong reputation of being a highly desirable place to work. This is a brand that you will want on the CV and projects you will want to be involved in! What you'll be doing: This position will see you using your strong experience to work within their Testing Centre of Excellence and ensuring consistent Performance and Automation Testing is carried out by Projects utilising tools and processes which you setup and help define. In addition, skills within API and web would be beneficial. As you will be joining a highly Agile environment, previous experience working in this way will be essential to success. What you'll need to succeed: Performance Testing of Applications Ideally a mix of automation and manual experience Experience using Postman or Tosca would be advantageous Expert scripting and analysis skills Experience in a large Agile environment would be a plus Large enterprise experience required Exceptional relationship-building skills Don't be one of those people who read an advert about a fantastic opportunity and never actually apply, only to later hear somebody you know bragging about how great their new job is! They applied so don't miss this opportunity - APPLY NOW! Your interest will be treated in the strictest of confidence. Please apply using an MS WORD version of your CV, as if we proceed with your application this is the format we'll require to submit to clients. Note: We review all CV's manually and you will only be contacted if your skills and experience meet the requirements of any of our clients. Ref# LD_444430_PT Help projects utilise Performance and Automation Competitive rate and convenient CBD location Currently going through an Agile Transformation Come work for a leading Kiwi organisation working in the financial services industry vertical. This business offers a vibrant, energetic Auckland CBD environment for people who bring passion and commitment to their work and enjoy a culture where successes are recognised and celebrated. The team is innovative and collaborative and has built a strong reputation of being a highly desirable place to work. This is a brand that you will want on the CV and projects you will want to be involved in! What you'll be doing: This position will see you using your strong experience to work within their Testing Centre of Excellence and ensuring consistent Performance and Automation Testing is carried out by Projects utilising tools and processes which you setup and help define. In addition, skills within API and web would be beneficial. As you will be joining a highly Agile environment, previous experience working in this way will be essential to success. What you'll need to succeed: Performance Testing of Applications Ideally a mix of automation and manual experience Experience using Postman or Tosca would be advantageous Expert scripting and analysis skills Experience in a large Agile environment would be a plus Large enterprise experience required Exceptional relationship-building skills Don't be one of those people who read an advert about a fantastic opportunity and never actually apply, only to later hear somebody you know bragging about how great their new job is! They applied so don't miss this opportunity - APPLY NOW! Your interest will be treated in the strictest of confidence. Please apply using an MS WORD version of your CV, as if we proceed with your application this is the format we'll require to submit to clients. Note: We review all CV's manually and you will only be contacted if your skills and experience meet the requirements of any of our clients. Ref# LD_444430_PT"

b"About Us Here at Propellerhead, we make software to bring good ideas to life. Our software powers some of the biggest projects in government, commercial, and non-profit organisations in New Zealand and we pride ourselves on our exceedingly capable teams. You can read more about our recent work with the Auckland War Memorial Museum here --> https://medium.com/propellerhead/uncovering-treasures-our-work-with-auckland-museum-98531ac9b630 Culture And Approach As a service organisation, we live and die by the quality of people we hire and nurture. We believe you are most effective when given room to move with as fewer organisational layers as possible. We clear roadblocks for our teams so they can do what they're good at - creating exceptional software. We take influence from Agile, Lean Startup, Design Thinking and Holacracy. Our approach to building software allows visions to unfold and evolve in a series of small increments. Each iteration provides an opportunity for adaptation based on user behaviour and ever-deepening insights. Our teams are full of problem-solvers who happen to use code (in a very talented way), and we put a premium on openness, communication, collaboration and flexibility. The Role Rather than simply checking work that developers have completed, this role takes an Agile and collaborative approach, working alongside our developers every step of the way. You will need to understand software requirements and shepherd them through from design and build to deployment. You will be responsible for documenting the tests that the software will need to pass, carrying out manual tests and helping developers to design automated tests. We are looking for an analyst that can think outside of the square, looking beyond the obvious and display a high attention to detail. It is highly desirable that you have worked in an Agile development environment and are familiar with the development of user stories and other outcome-based methods for describing requirements. This role spans the traditional roles of Software Tester and Business Analyst and is supported by Senior Business Analysts in the organisation. Refine business requirements and specify conditions of satisfaction Perform Quality Assurance by designing and carrying out software tests Help design, document and maintain system processes Report on common sources of technical issues or questions and make recommendations to project teams Communicate key insights and findings to project teams and clients Constantly be on the lookout for ways to improve monitoring, discover issues and deliver better value to our clients Requirements Skills & experience Previous experience in Business / Systems Analysis or Quality Assurance The ability and commercial experience that enables you to describe what 'done' looks like Technical troubleshooting including log file analysis and basic data analysis Proven experience in eliciting requirements and testing Experience in analysing data to draw business-relevant conclusions and in data visualisation techniques and tools Basic knowledge in generating process documentation Strong written and verbal communication skills including technical writing skills Benefits Welcoming, friendly, equal opportunity workplace Extremely capable fellow team members A culture of openness, communication, collaboration and flexibility Amazing projects for some of New Zealand's brightest organisations Beautifully designed, tranquil offices right in the heart of Auckland Please note COVER LETTER We receive and read many job applications every week, and one component we value very highly is your cover letter. This is your chance to tell us more about who you are, what you value, and why you care about your work. Instead of bland and cliche-filled, we value authentic and personal. This will go towards getting you to the next stage. We require applicants to be in Auckland for the interview process. Candidates that progress may be asked to agree to a police background check, credit history check, other assessments and provide evidence of qualifications."

b"Functional Tester Your new company in a nutshell: A true market leader, and an organisation that is recognisable to all Kiwis. Based out of fantastic offices in the CBD, this company is going through an exciting period of change, and have a huge pipeline of projects. What will you do? Work as a functional tester across a number of projects predominantly in the web and mobile space. Your background, skills and experience: At least 5 years' of functonal testing experience, preferably in large, complex environments Some experience with SOAP/Postman/API Excellent communication and interpersonal skills The ability to pick things up quickly and work autonomously with minimal supervision This is an immediate start role, so please only apply if you are based in New Zealand with valid working rights. What's next? For further information please call Luwee on 0800 29 89 99 or click 'Apply for this job'. NOTE for overseas enquiries and non-NZ residents: Whereas we welcome international enquiries, only applicants that are legally entitled to work in New Zealand and can make themselves available for interviews in New Zealand will be considered for advertised positions. Others may not necessarily be responded to. At least 5 years' of functonal testing experience, preferably in large, complex environments Some experience with SOAP/Postman/API Excellent communication and interpersonal skills The ability to pick things up quickly and work autonomously with minimal supervision"

b"Here is a unique opportunity to join an iconic NZ brand that has dominated their chosen market for over 4 decades and are now reinventing themselves in this modern digital age as they transform into a robust and dynamic product development shop. The Role This is a role for a senior test analyst. This role will see you involved in end to end testing predominately from a manual perspective developing test cases and test scripts as well as contributing to test plans and test strategies. Although there initially won't be a high volume of automation testing within this role that will be increasing in the near future to around 30% of your daily routine so this is a great opportunity for someone that has done some Selenium and would like to do more in the future. This is also a testing role that will suit someone with the ability to work alone or lead a piece of work and learn new systems quickly with an inquisitive mind. Skills we are looking for: 6+ years as a manual test analyst Some previous experience with automation testing, ideally Selenium or Web Driver Previous experience working within an Agile/Scrum environment Good working knowledge of SQL and XML, web services Integration testing experience and testing web projects highly desirable Candidates must have held at least one position here in New Zealand to be considered for this role. You also must have New Zealand residency or be a citizen to be considered as our client won't accept candidates on a work permit I'm afraid. If this sounds like it could of interest to you and your experience matches the brief then I would love to speak to you. This role comes with an excellent market competitive remuneration and an environment undergoing one of the most dynamic digital transformations in the country so you really don't want to miss this one! For more information please contact Chris Reid or Leanne Choi at Emergent & Co Ltd on 09 320 4697 during office hours. CVs and r\xe9sum\xe9s should be in MS-Word format where possible. For more information on Emergent & Co Ltd please visit www.emergent.co.nz"

b'Summary: Does collaborating and working with the developers on a day-to-day basis excite you? We are looking for a talented and experienced Test Analyst to join our exciting and passionate team here at Olympic Software, Auckland. The qualified candidate will have a strong attention to detail and problem solving and dedication to delivering high quality software products. You will: Join up as part of our team, where high performance, innovation and continuous improvement are our core guiding principles Be empowered to share your view and ideas, and grow into leadership positions within the business Have fun and be challenged! We at Olympic love to work hard and enjoy challenging work, but also have fun outside work together Skill Summary: 2.5  5 years of experience with strong and proven skills as a tester Strong experience across Automation and Manual testing experience using any automation testing tool so as to leverage tools and methodologies to improve the coverage of the tests and their efficiency Web testing/mobile testing experience Basic knowledge and experience in Integration testing Great communication skills (verbal and written) Passionate about continues learning Experience running SQL queries Key responsibilities: Develop test scenarios and test cases based on the requirements and solution design Create and execute scripts Coordinate and manage integration testing To work collaboratively with the Product Owner, developers and test teams to develop a strong understanding of the project and testing goals Convert manual regression tests into automated tests Raise and track defects using the defect management tool with all the appropriate details Proactively provide feedback on any quality process improvements and also work through with the developers for a faster feedback loop Support production deployment of the applications and perform Smoke Testing About Olympic Software Olympic Software has been in business for over 30 years Encourages sharing and innovation across our teams, everyone has opportunities to present Friendly & open work environment with flat hierarchy Open culture that encourages dropping in to talk to the branch managers or any of the team lead Offices in New Zealand (Auckland, Wellington and Christchurch) , with office in Sydney, CBD too Beer fridge stocked up on Fridays.'

b'Contract Opportunity Large New Zealand Organisation Guaranteed Pay through Absolute IT Payroll The Role: In this role you will be working on an large in-flight project to: Fulfil Performance and Load Test Activities Create scenarios and cases Execute Performance Tests Support wider test team with your technical expertise To be successful in the role: Commercial experience in dedicated performance testing positions within an enterprise environment Strong Technical skills Excellent communication skills to liaise with stakeholders Solid organisation skills Apply direct by clicking below or for further information please call Will Coleman on 03 9435 911 NOTE for Overseas Enquiries and Non NZ Residents: Whereas we welcome international enquiries, only applicants that are legally entitled to work in New Zealand and can make themselves available for interviews in New Zealand will be considered for advertised positions. Others may not necessarily be responded to. Contract Opportunity Large New Zealand Organisation Guaranteed Pay through Absolute IT Payroll Fulfil Performance and Load Test Activities Create scenarios and cases Execute Performance Tests Support wider test team with your technical expertise Commercial experience in dedicated performance testing positions within an enterprise environment Strong Technical skills Excellent communication skills to liaise with stakeholders Solid organisation skills'

